doc(release) release notes web 23.10.18 open tickets 23.10.1 dsm 23.10.1 (#3775)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 23.10.18

Release date: `November 21, 2024`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Core] Improved the way the logo on the login page can be customized.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Administration] The names of the metaservices are now correctly displayed in the "Administration > Parameters > Data" menu.
> - [API] Fixed ACLs allowing access to a resource (host or service) upon its creation via the APIs by a non-administrator user.
> - [API] The is_notifications_enabled value in the host configuration endpoint of the API is now correctly updated when notifications are enabled.
> - [API Token] Fixed an issue with the expiration date of tokens in the API tokens page.
> - [Configuration] Custom macros are now correctly exported to the Remote Server when the configuration is deployed.
> - [Configuration] Engine log options are now correctly displayed, regardless of the user's language and the selected log level.
> - [Configuration] Fixed incorrect links in the Export configuration page.
> - [Configuration] Notification configuration data is no longer automatically added to services that are auto-created when creating a host based on a template.
> - [Configuration] Updated the list of standard macros in the command creation form.
> - [Custom Login page] Fixed issue with hyperlinks that are now clickable.
> - [Debian] Fixed dependencies between Centreon packages.
> - [Discovery] Automatic execution of host discovery jobs (export and reload of the poller configuration) no longer fail with an "insufficient rights" message.
> - [Graphs] Fixed an issue where non-admin users were downloading empty CSV files.
> - [i18n] Fixed langage translation mismatch in performance graphs, in the predefined periods list.
> - [i18n] Fixed typo in the Event Logs and ACL Resource Access pages.
> - [Resource Status] Custom column definitions are now saved correctly.
> - [Resource Status] Duration units are now displayed correctly in the windows to set a downtime.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed an issue preventing selected filters from being removed by clicking the 'x' symbol in the timeline tab.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed an issue where actions in one browser tab were being replicated to another tab that was open on the same menu.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed an issue with the date and time in the downtime window: the user's time zone is now correctly taken into account.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed an issue with the behavior of group chips in the resource detail panel.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed behavior of page refresh button that was changing the resource displayed in the open panel.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed display of scale/units on graphs containing multiple curves.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed search filter for anomaly detection services.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed the redirection from the Event Logs page to Resource Status: the details panel is now opened on the correct resource.
> - [Resource Status] If no notification has ever been sent, the "Last notification" field in the details panel is left blank instead of displaying 1970.
> - [Resource Status] In the downtime creation window, the controls to select the start and end hours are now displayed correctly.
> - [Resource Status] Made downtime and acknowledge icons more visible in light and dark modes.
> - [Resource Status] Removed list refresh that was triggered by hovering over the left main menu.
> - [Resource Status] The monitoring server filter now takes into account spaces in poller names correctly.
> - [Widget Graph] Fixed "invalid metric format" error when using "threshold area color" parameter for curves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Administration] The names of the metaservices are now correctly displayed in the "Administration > Parameters > Data" menu.
- [API] Fixed ACLs allowing access to a resource (host or service) upon its creation via the APIs by a non-administrator user.
- [API] The is_notifications_enabled value in the host configuration endpoint of the API is now correctly updated when notifications are enabled.
- [API Token] Fixed an issue with the expiration date of tokens in the API tokens page.
- [Configuration] Custom macros are now correctly exported to the Remote Server when the configuration is deployed.
- [Configuration] Engine log options are now correctly displayed, regardless of the user's language and the selected log level.
- [Configuration] Fixed incorrect links in the Export configuration page.
- [Configuration] Notification configuration data is no longer automatically added to services that are auto-created when creating a host based on a template.
- [Configuration] Updated the list of standard macros in the command creation form.
- [Discovery] Automatic execution of host discovery jobs (export and reload of the poller configuration) no longer fails with an "insufficient rights" message.
- [Custom Login page] Fixed an issue with hyperlinks that are now clickable.
- [Debian] Fixed dependencies between Centreon packages.
- [Graphs] Fixed an issue where non-admin users were downloading empty CSV files.
- [i18n] Fixed langage translation mismatch in performance graphs, in the predefined periods list.
- [i18n] Fixed typo in the Event Logs and ACL Resource Access pages.
- [Resource Status] Custom column definitions are now saved correctly.
- [Resource Status] Duration units are now displayed correctly in the downtime windows.
- [Resource Status] Fixed an issue preventing selected filters from being removed by clicking the 'x' symbol in the timeline tab.
- [Resource Status] Fixed an issue where actions in one browser tab were being replicated to another tab that was open on the same menu.
- [Resource Status] Fixed an issue with the date and time in the downtime window: the user's time zone is now correctly taken into account.
- [Resource Status] Fixed an issue with the behavior of group chips in the resource's detail panel.
- [Resource Status] Fixed behavior of page refresh button that was changing the resource displayed in the open panel.
- [Resource Status] Fixed display of scale/units on graphs containing multiple curves.
- [Resource Status] Fixed search filter for Anomaly Detection services.
- [Resource Status] Fixed the redirection from the Event Logs page to Resource Status: the details panel is now opened on the correct resource.
- [Resource Status] If no notification has ever been sent, the "Last notification" field in the details panel is left blank instead of displaying 1970.
- [Resource Status] In the downtime creation window, the controls to select the start and end hours are now displayed correctly.
- [Resource Status] Made downtime and acknowledge icons more visible in light and dark modes.
- [Resource Status] Removed list refresh that was triggered by hovering over the left main menu.
- [Resource Status] The monitoring server filter now takes into account spaces in poller names correctly.
- [Widget Graph] Fixed "invalid metric format" error when using "threshold area color" parameter for curves.
```

- [Configuration] Updated the list of standard macros in the command creation form.
- [Custom Login page] Fixed issue with hyperlinks that are now clickable.
- [Debian] Fixed dependencies between Centreon packages.

> - [Discovery] Automatic execution of host discovery jobs (export and reload of the poller configuration) no longer fail with an "insufficient rights" message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Discovery] Automatic execution of host discovery jobs (export and reload of the poller configuration) no longer fails with an "insufficient rights" message.
```
